Add section on restricted permissions (#1608)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/shared-content/octopus-server/octopus-server-community-limits.include.md

- Deploy to 5 targets

> - Limit of 5 users with [restricted permissions](https://octopus.com/docs/administration/managing-licenses/community#restricted-permissions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Limit of 5 users with [restricted permissions](/docs/administration/managing-licenses/community/index.md#restricted-permissions)
```
